README.md, before:

[![Work in Repl.it](https://classroom.github.com/assets/work-in-replit-14baed9a392b3a25080506f3b7b6d57f295ec2978f6f33ec97e36a161684cbe9.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/online_ide?assignment_repo_id=4437318&assignment_repo_type=AssignmentRepo)
# Project 01 - Student Directed Project (CIT 128)

**Version:** 01/18/2021

## Student Info

Add your Name, CRN, and Semester Year here using unordered bullets in Markdown.

## Directions

In this project, you decide your individual programming adventure in consolation with me. You will need to design a program that utilizes the elements learned in class. This will be a challenge as there will be no demo versions and if you want unit tests, you will need to design them.

As your project is unique, you will be required to help craft your grading scale as part of the program description. This will be completed as a part of Draft 1.

## Program Description

Please enter the description of your individual program here.

## Rubric / Grading Scale

* Working program per the above program description
  * Sub Grading Description 1 (X pt)
  * Sub Grading Description 2 (X pt)
  * Sub Grading Description 3 (X pt)
  * Sub Grading Description 4 (X pt)
  * Sub Grading Description 5 (X pt)

Total Points: 200

### Additional Grading Notes

* Programmers must have attention to detail, as a result up to __2 Points__ may be taken for not updating the student info (Name, CRN, Semester Year) in the __Markdown__.
* Customers will not pay for programs that do not work, programs that do not run due to syntax errors will receive __0 Points__.
* Programmers tend to forget how large programs work over time, as a result up to __4 Points__ may be taken for programs that do not have a _reasonable_ amount of comments that describe key sections of code.
* All programs must have your Github URL submitted in Canvas via the assignment page. Unsubmitted Github repos will receive __0 Points__.
* Programs that have been submitted and received a grade will not be regraded, unless the instructor makes a request for changes.
* If a program is eligible for regrading, it is the responsibility of the student to inform the instructor when the program is ready for regrading.
* Professional programmers are required to hit tough deadlines, late assignments will loose __6 Points__.
* While automated testing is being used, manual testing of your code and review of the coding style will also be used in grading. Up to __20 points__ may be taken if the code does not meet the instructions in the directions.
* Submitted code may be subject to inspection by the [Measure of Software Simularity (MOSS)](https://theory.stanford.edu/~aiken/moss/) to check for simularity in programs that may be related to plagerism. It is up to the instructor to determine if plagarism is occuring.

Commit message:

added basic description and diagrams

README.md, after:

[![Work in Repl.it](https://classroom.github.com/assets/work-in-replit-14baed9a392b3a25080506f3b7b6d57f295ec2978f6f33ec97e36a161684cbe9.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/online_ide?assignment_repo_id=4437318&assignment_repo_type=AssignmentRepo)
# Project 01 - Student Directed Project (CIT 128)

**Version:** 01/18/2021

## Student Info

* Jefferson Wang
* CRN 37902
* Spring 2021

## Directions

In this project, you decide your individual programming adventure in consolation with me. You will need to design a program that utilizes the elements learned in class. This will be a challenge as there will be no demo versions and if you want unit tests, you will need to design them.

As your project is unique, you will be required to help craft your grading scale as part of the program description. This will be completed as a part of Draft 1.

## Program Description

### Minibar Manager
This program is a helper program that retains an inventory of liquors and other additions available. It will have a database of drink recipes that it will search through based on your available drinks and display possible recipes. The recipes will have a section that allows the user to favorite and add comments to the recipe.

## Rubric / Grading Scale

* Working program per the above program description
  * Sub Grading Description 1 (X pt)
  * Sub Grading Description 2 (X pt)
  * Sub Grading Description 3 (X pt)
  * Sub Grading Description 4 (X pt)
  * Sub Grading Description 5 (X pt)

Total Points: 200

### Additional Grading Notes

* Programmers must have attention to detail, as a result up to __2 Points__ may be taken for not updating the student info (Name, CRN, Semester Year) in the __Markdown__.
* Customers will not pay for programs that do not work, programs that do not run due to syntax errors will receive __0 Points__.
* Programmers tend to forget how large programs work over time, as a result up to __4 Points__ may be taken for programs that do not have a _reasonable_ amount of comments that describe key sections of code.
* All programs must have your Github URL submitted in Canvas via the assignment page. Unsubmitted Github repos will receive __0 Points__.
* Programs that have been submitted and received a grade will not be regraded, unless the instructor makes a request for changes.
* If a program is eligible for regrading, it is the responsibility of the student to inform the instructor when the program is ready for regrading.
* Professional programmers are required to hit tough deadlines, late assignments will loose __6 Points__.
* While automated testing is being used, manual testing of your code and review of the coding style will also be used in grading. Up to __20 points__ may be taken if the code does not meet the instructions in the directions.
* Submitted code may be subject to inspection by the [Measure of Software Simularity (MOSS)](https://theory.stanford.edu/~aiken/moss/) to check for simularity in programs that may be related to plagerism. It is up to the instructor to determine if plagarism is occuring.
